Yes, Sir.
Yeah, cool. OK, bro. Right.
So on on each of these sections,
you've started off by saying financial
applications, right.
So you're sort of saying user engagement
in financial applications and you're
talking about.
How users engage with it then you've got
visual processing and financial
applications.
Then you've got back end technology for
I can, yeah.
financial applications, then database out.
OK,
so you're obviously going through each
element, which is great,
Yeah.
but you need to then talk about your
application. So you've talked.
Point is, in a general way to say, OK,
this is what we think about with all
financial applications,
but it's not personalising it to your
application. OK,
so either throughout or at the end.
You need to say for my application this
is what I'm going to do, OK,
because because everything you've written
here is it's not personalised.
Listen.
UK is saying like security constituents
in financial applications require
comprehensive integration.
OK, So what about your your application?
OK, it doesn't.
You're not talking about your application
anyway.
You're just talking about security in
general.
OK.
So that like some sort of conclusion at
the end where once you've talked about
all of these things and you talk about
the market analysis again,
so you you've talked about existing
software,
but then you can talk about what your
application is going to do.
OK. Because.
OK, Sir. Sir, as far as I understand,
in every section the last part or the
middle part,
I need to explain my application,
Mm-hmm.
isn't it Sir?
Yeah, like so you talked about. Yeah,
your literature review is you've read
this information,
then you need to show that you've
processed and understood it.
So you need to say, OK,
so after reading this,
I am going to do this with my application.
So show that you've kind of taken it on
board and your.
Feeding it into your prod product.
Yes, Sir. Yeah.
OK.
So you talked about like all these things
and and everything you've got here is
fine,
Yeah.
but you could either do it throughout
like section by section or just at the
Yeah.
end you could just put conclusion and you
could put like you've got here, right?
Again, it's all.
Yeah. In conclusion, yeah, I.
Yeah.
But it's again,
you're not talking about your.
Yes, I understand, Sir.
You're just saying generally, OK,
so so I need it to be personalised now to
Yeah.
say, not just financial applications,
but like what you were creating,
what have you,
what are you going to take on board from
doing this literature review?
Does that make sense?
No. Yes, Sir. I understand, Sir.
I think you, Sir,
you mentioned in every section.
I need to summarise or give some of my
application details. Isn't it, Sir?
Yeah, it's just personalising it.
So you've just got.
What what I will do and what is I will
build about my application features on
something like that I need to implement
all of the section. Isn't it still?
Yeah.
Yeah. So take like,
think about when your final project is
like everything is put together,
you're going to talk about what your
Yeah.
objectives are and what your software is
going to do.
Then you're going to have your literature
review.
So make sure you link it together so you
can you talk about your project,
Oh.
then you've got your literature review,
make sure your literature review is safe.
Yeah.
And so for my project this means that my
technology stack is going to be express
Yeah.
and it's going to use Firebase as the
back end.
OK so.
So you talked about the benefits of
Firebase,
but you haven't explicitly said that
you're going to use Firebase,
so it's just make sure that you've.
You've mentioned that and you've tied
everything you've got into your project.
Person.
OK, Sir.
So I think in literature review you
mentioned to the programme the the
British spelling and the one thing is
that the referencing other solves that.
Mm-hmm.
Everything else looks OK like I think the
the references.
Just just make it personalised,
personalised and also the mention my
Yeah.
application.
What I will do and what is the feature of
my application, isn't it Sir?
Yeah, that's fine.
The references look good.
There's a couple of spellings here or
there, but nothing major.
So if you're working on the personalising,
that literature review to your
application,
that's that's the main thing way to work
on.
So now I want to share.
I already set up all of my environment.
Mm-hmm.
What will I do?
And so now I share what will I change and
what is the feature of my application?
Firstly I I want to make.
The two option the user registration and
the login one so and then also the user
OK.
profile and the password management
management in password management I use
for authentication purpose JWT that
doesn't have token.
OK.
The security power pass and also the I
make it full code function because of.
You know Sir,
I need to take user expense data and also
the their income data. So that's why.
I make it full group function and also
the second one is I need to took I I I
None.
imagine I could two category.
The first one is the income and the
second one is outgoing I mean expense.
OK.
How they how they earn,
how they earn money? Sorry.
What is about their earning and what is
about their expense and also in dashboard
I make a graphical architecture which I
mentioned already I use chart dot Jess is
Mm-hmm.
not just the X function which one is it.
Yeah.
And I need to visualisation about income
and then about expense and I need a
Yeah.
comparison in the dashboard I will show
the user and but that's it. Is it enough?
OK.
So.
Yeah, that sounds good to me. Yeah.
I I I I I focus the main main the goal
because of in expense tracker in expense
tracker,
I think people somewhat if for me as I
make it a solution for me.
Mm-hmm.
Firstly I need to put my income or
expense data and then I need to check in
a week or in a month.
What about my financial condition or what
Mm-hmm.
will I I will?
Improve my expense or how to maintain my
expense and earning and the collaboration
about those of them.
So that's why I think those feature is it
an officer.
OK. Yeah. I think that sounds good. Yeah,
that sounds good to me.
And front end in front end. I use HTML,
CSS and boot stuff and some JavaScript
feature because of I don't think more I
anything I need to complete it during
time so I already have experience in HTML,
CSS.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
This has put a step in JavaScript.
I already did some projects so that's why
I choose.
Yeah, that that works for me. Yeah,
that's fine.
Sir and Sir, in my desertion paper,
I just focus the the last one.
You give me a preference. One.
I just focus that that paper.
I follow all of the structure and.
Mm-hmm.
All of them is the end of, Sir.
Yeah, that that's fine.
If you follow the structure for chapters
and stuff.
But if it sometimes you can tweak it like,
don't,
don't be afraid to change it if you don't
No, no, no. Sorry. Yeah, yeah, I just,
I just follow that structure.
think it works for your project. But yeah,
OK.
I just follow the structure. How they,
yeah, how they make it.
Yeah, that's fine.
I just follow that structure and that one
more thing in the in during the August.
Can we meet at it in the delaying August.
If if I need if I need Sir.
Yeah, just I I I'm if I get some dates,
I'll send some dates out of when I'm free
for the next 4 weeks. Yeah.
Yes,
I understand now holiday is going so I
stop to catch up you.
So if I need then I will. I will mail you.
Yeah, sure.
OK.
In the during August and so one more
thing is that our submission, I will,
Yeah.
I see I saw in our MSC project book and
that 12 of September,
yeah that is edition paper and after that.
OK. Yeah.
Our Biba will take in university,
give us the time or I I will take the
time. Biba. Biba.
Time or the presentation time.
OK, sure.
Yeah, we'll just have to.
We'll work out the presentation time
after submission.
It'll probably be like a week within a
week. So by the 19th of September.
Oh OK so.
Going like that soon as you submit it,
and then we'll arrange a time within a
week of your submission.
So OK, please Sir,
can you give me some suggestion about all
OK.
of the think I need some suggestion
because of I need to follow a road map.
I already said I already set up all
environment and I already bills.
If two,
two of the from user registration and
login from and also the back end I start
from the back end and development and
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
after that I will organise the front end
so.
In overall,
can you please give me some solution?
What? What do you need?
Like because do you want me to have a
look at it and suggest things or?
The pep,
the mainly the dissertation pepper.
When I when I complete any of the
development or the any of the thing then
instantly am I need to writing my paper.
Mm-hmm.
So.
Is it OK? So is it OK?
OK.
Yeah, that's fine. Yeah,
to do it that way.
And the and the main thing is that's the
presentation on the Biba.
Can you please give me suggestion how to
I I get preparation about that.
Yeah, sure. Yeah, that's fine.
So I what I would do is probably worry
about that after.
So when you get to your submission,
we can have a meeting and I can go over
what to expect from the Viber, but.
Yeah.
Generally,
the questions you're asked to like Ian,
send something out with all the details.
So like Ian who manages the project,
he'll send out an e-mail of what to
expect from the presentation.
But it's basically you just demonstrate
your project.
You could talk about it and you're going
to answer a couple of questions about it.
So if you've because you've spent so much
time over over the summer,
they're not going to be hard questions.
It's going to be, you know,
can you show me this?
Can you show me that?
Can you show me this bit of codes?
Questions like that,
so nothing too challenging and we can
talk about that when you when we get into
the stage where you will be demonstrating
and you'll be fine, you'll be all right.
Basically I think about that the Bible
will take about our presentation,
flight or the dissertation paper.
Which part they will mainly focus is a is
a dissertation paper or the the
presentation slide.
Yeah.
Mainly on the yeah.
Or am I need to Sir?
Or am I need to Sir run the project and
bring something in front of there isn't.
Yeah,
you can demonstrate so you can run the
project,
but the I suppose the main questions are
going to be not to do with the PowerPoint,
but maybe there'll be bits in the report
and maybe there'll be bits in the code to
ask questions about.
OK,
I think the project the mainly progress
on the project then, Sir.
Yeah.
OK,
not the presentation on sliders or
something like that.
No, I mean you, you do the presentation,
but I won't be like asking you loads of
questions about that because I'll have
only just seen it.
So it's actually the project is the big
thing.
So that'll be the bit that we ask
questions about.
OK,
so give me solution and the day is coming.
MMM.
Give me solution because I'm I'm very
presented about that fashion at it
Yeah, sure. Yeah, that's fine.
because I want to use this my real life
world real life,
my professional CV and something like
that. So that's why I need I to I.
OK.
Or you take it seriously. So yeah,
in the future,
Yeah, no problem. Yeah.
in the future I will improve some or the
can you help me, Sir?
In the after submission or all of the
thing finish then I if I need to go to
the publication. Can you help me?
If I if I can in any way, then yeah,
possibly I we'll have to see where it is
for things I'm not.
I haven't done loads with publishing apps.
I.
I'm trying to do one now on the on the
Apple Store. It's a slow process,
but if I can help in any way,
I'll be happy to. Yeah.
Yeah, I understand.
And the sub publication,
the Pepper publication and I some journal.
Oh, OK. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're going to have a look at that, sure.
Yeah. Thank you, Sir. Thank you. OK, Sir,
can you please give me your availability
No worries.
in the during August then I if I need
meeting then I will message you Sir.
Yeah.
Yeah, no problem. I'll send some a note.
Yeah. Thank you, Sir. Thank you very much.
Have a nice day, Sir. Have a nice day,
OK, OK, sorry for being late again.
Have a good day. Take care. Bye bye.
Sir. Thank you. Yeah.
Bye bye.